Mother's Day is coming and so is Teacher
Appreciation Day which is May 8 the
Mother's Day is May 13th in case you
haven't checked we have some time to get
ready when I like baskets gift baskets
because you can gather over time and get
the best of the best deals and get
really super high quality luxury things
with you know sometimes even for free
and usually 70 to 80 percent off so
we're gonna be gathering for awhile
these baskets I'm going to show you the
day they're just ideas but we're going
to get some more into them as the week's
come I'll show you what we have so far I
decided to do a pampering basket for mom
or a teacher that you appreciate very
much um here we have ninety two dollars
worth of all kinds of goodies that we
paid $28 for so this is how it works you
may not want all of these things and
remember we still have time until
Mother's Day to add different things and
these are some of the things you might
want I like these fast flats because
these are things you can carry in her
purse or I could carry in my purse
hint hint to whenever you get tired of
your high heels has a little carrying
purse thing here in it and we've got
some high heel I had an arch things some
really cool hair things and luxury
shavers we love those right so there's
all kinds of things really good lotion
and this little scrunchie and the
hairband one dollar each at Dollar Tree
so gotta love that those are wonderful
at Dollar Tree I mean decorations and
bows are great so that's $92 for $28 and
again this is not a finished basket
we're gonna keep showing you some things
that we can add to this one of the
things about making baskets is don't
come up with an idea of what you want to
give as a basket look and see what's
happening in the sales and let the sales
sort of create a theme for you in this
case I saw honey some chocolate some
cookies some tea some organic tea and I
thought well let's do a little tea
basket so this is um I believe it was
$26 worth for $12 so there's some really
good things here that's a tea basket and
I'm expecting that between now and
Mother's Day or teacher appreciation day
probably gonna be a lot of things to add
to that basket then I saw I got sparked
into the idea of a gardening basket when
Walgreens right now I'm gave me the idea
to do a gardening basket so so far all
I've got the idea for is the potting
some kind of hoping there'll be some
other deals but if not Dollar Tree to
the rescue because there's all these
things for a dollar these seed packets
for 25 cents each some gardening tools
gardening gloves and even this cute
little basket a dollar okay
so all of the deals I'm talking about
including the pampering basket and the
tees and the rest of the stuff I'm about
to show you are at the grocery game calm
and the deals are good through this
Saturday April 14th so you can find that
CVS and Walgreens deals and now I want
to show you another thing that came up
when I saw one sale on a bag of cookie
mix for I think it was 87 cents I
thought how about a baker's basket so I
know that between now and Mother's Day
we're going to have all kinds of things
you know maybe brownie mixes who knows
what all we're gonna get to add to this
basket and all these little goodies here
were at Dollar Tree and these are
actually good quality because they're
Betty Crocker brand cooking utensils I
can't even believe kitchen shears Betty
Crocker kitchen kitchen shears for a
dollar it's amazing isn't it and pot
holders and by the way I thought it
would be kind of cute if you wanted to
do a craft with the kids give them
permanent markers and let them draw
little pictures I love you mommy
on these pot holders if you use
permanent markers it would be forever so
I think that would be really cute too so
we're going to continue to build into
these baskets we're going to have more
deals and as I find deals I think we can
add to these four baskets that I'm
suggesting that we build upon then I'll
let you know what my picks are coming up
so I hope you enjoy it